Overall I like the paper. It is generally well-written. I’ve some suggestions and minor corrections listed below.

What if the data s collected over different time zones?

Abstract: “modular arithmetic” is more accurate. Or omit the sentence altogether. I agree with comments  of reviewer 1 on this topic.

Page 2 par 2 first sentence. There are other broader applications than this, eg, pollution monitoring.
Last sentence “but conventional displays” (omit “the”)

Page 3 Figure 1 legend. Say “grey dots indicate sensor locations”.

Page 6 line 4. omit “as” in “as in R packages”.
Par 2. rephrase “more easily pop-up to viewers”.

Page 7. Second line. You might want to add that fifth row could be blank. Wrapping around the last few days could be confusing. Could this be made optional?
Should be g= k, ... (k+d-1)  I think
Equation 1. Modular arithmetic will give j in 0..6, not in 1..7.
Line 36, what are M and N? You explain them later, but should be at first usage.

Page 8. I agree with reviewer 1. These figures are not needed. Move to supplementary material.

Figure 6. Could the figure have some indicator of the wrapping of few days to first row? It would help the reader.

Somewhere in this section you should mention that labels and axes are discussed later.

Page 11 line 1. Write "For example in Figure 6..."

Page 12. Say why polar transformation is useful.

In your figures is global scaling used, unless otherwise stated?

Page 17, figure 10. I don’t see negative correlation. Just two slopes, both positive. Am I missing something?

Page 19, first sentence. The meaning of this is not clear. Rephrase.

Page 21, figure 12. I agree with reviewer 1 that this needs some tweaking. Too much vertical space given to panel labels. Time labels are confusing.  Two of the line colours are very similar here and in other plots.

Page 23. Suggest dropping figure 13. Or move to supplementary material.

Page 24 Line 15: “calendar plots tell the stories”

The discussion is on the brief side.
